# Guide to Contributing


## Team norms
All developers contributing to the project should be an active part of the team. Our primary mode of communication will be on our discord channel, so it is crucial that all team members check this channel frequently. Any issues should be directed to discord so that all team members can see them and whoever is available and able to help should respond to the issue. The resources outside of our team, specifically the professor and the tutor, should be contacted for help only after all team members have failed to solve a problem internally, or if there are any irreconcilable disagreements on vision or approach./
Our sprints are two weeks long, and our team standups at INSERT TIME. It is expected that all developers attend all standups to keep everyone on the same page with current progress and issues./
All team members should use vscode for editing to ensure consistent formatting. Code should be descriptive and concise, and should be reviewed by other developers before merging to main, using the git feature branch worklow method described below. Commits should be small and limited to individual features or fixes, and only working code should be pushed. 

## How to contribute using feature branch version control workflow
In order to edit this repository, clone it to your computer. Before making changes, pull the latest code from the shared repository, then create and check out a new branch. Make your changes, add and commit the changes to your local branch, then pull the main branch of the shared repository and merge it with the local branch. Finally, push your branch to the shared repository and create a pull request for this branch in github. Another team member will then have to pull and review this new code before it is merged with main. All code must be reviewed, and none should be added directly to the main branch without being seen by other team members. Changes should all be relevant to a specific user story, task, or spike, which should be mentioned in the commit message after changes are made. Additionally, developers should update the github task board by moving tasks or spikes to "In Process" while working, "Awaiting Review" after making a pull request, and "Done" once a change is merged to main. 

